Add description about the URL for requirements.txt (#147)
optuna/optunahub-registry: template/README.md

$ pip install scipy torch
```

> If your package has `requirements.txt`, it will be uploaded to the OptunaHub at the publication time, and the package dependencies will be available to install as follows.

Reviewer: The current documentation does not explain the publication process in detail, so contributors might not be familiar with "publication time" . Can we remove it?

```suggestion
If your package has `requirements.txt`, it will be automatically uploaded to the OptunaHub, and the package dependencies will be available to install as follows.
```

Reviewer: I also added `automatically` , but it is not a strong opinion.

Author: Thank you for your feedback. I applied your suggestion.
